Did you hear about Mrs. Hazel?
She was arrested for spying.
Information on Rogers Bank
is being leaked to Westalis.
That'll get the attention of
the State Security Service.
Ostanians will not
yield to such threats.
Perhaps you've had too much?
You should lie down.
It's fine. He's enjoying himself too.
We know of the scandalous rumors
concerning Chairman Bernard.
Scandalous rumors?
Of what sort? Do tell.
Of course, the night is long.
Please rest for a while.
I drank too much.
Are you alone?
Not anymore.
Let's go back.
I want something sweet to eat.
Good day, or perhaps, good evening,
I've obtained the missile deployment blueprints,
stabilizing the balance
between East and West.
His name is Loid, codename, "Twilight
A spy for the Westalian Intelligence
Services' Eastern-Focused Division.
Rest assured,
I'll execute the mission perfectly.
Kill them! It's just a single enemy!
W...what the...? Who are you?
You are Director Cassado
of Surfoka Aviation, correct?
I hear you're the traitorous scumbag
illegally selling weapons to Westalis.
Terribly sorry but may I have
the honor of taking your life?
Her name is Yor. An assassin of
unearthly skill known as “Thorn Princess.”
A spy and an assassin
of exceptional prowess,
these two are in fact...
Welcome home, Yor.
Have a good day at the hospital, Loid?
A married couple.
But its a sham used by him for
a mission and by her as a coverup.
And neither knows
the others true identity.
Welcome home, Papa and Mama!
The girl is Anya,
an orphan adopted for his mission.
She foo holds a secret
Were you a good girl?
I must develop the hidden
camera film by morning.
Hidden camera! Spies are so cool!
So exciting!
She's a telepath.
Phew, glad I made it home for dinner.
I had grenades and tank missiles
thrown at me. What a day!
She had a massive fight before dinner!
You must be hungry.
I'll cook up an omelet.
Bond is the family dos.
A lab animal, he can foresee the future.
There's danger if we let Mama cook!
Anya wants Papa's specialty.
You mean...peanut-butter pizza?
Yeah, that one!
Sounds nice.
Okay. I'll add some meat on top.
Meat, meat, hurray!
Cooking class?
Correct, Anya Forger.
Dessert making is a school tradition.
Boy, you really are clueless.
What an idiot.
Lay off. All we have to do
is make yummy sweets.
Anya likes sweets.
You don't eat it, you make it. Get it?
Bet she only knows peasant sweets.
Dummy, no way she can make
anything for human consumption.
You've got that right, Lord Damian.
Absolutely.
Numskull Second Son.
Not elegant.
Refrain from talking.
It's Second Son's fault.
Shut up, you're the...
This year's judge will be our principal.
Last year's winner
received a Stella Star.
Stella Star...
At the prestigious Eden College,
students who excel
are given medals known as Stella Star.
Those who collect eight stars can
attend gatherings reserved
for the school's elite.
To get close to
a prominent Ostania politician,
Twilight's mission, Operation Strix,
requires accessing the gathering.
The politician is Donovan Desmond.
This is why he formed a fake family
and enrolled his daughter
Anya in Eden.
"Training is at 2:00 pm Monday.
You may choose any sweet.”
"I expect all to be fully prepared
and to cook elegantly.”
Monday at 2:00 pm...
Weekend will be spent making sweets.
Code F?
Good day, or perhaps, good evening.
Agent Twilight.
What's is it, Handler?
I've a new undercover operation for you.
There's no time for
such a vast operation.
And I'm busy with Operation Strix.
You can chuck that.
This is Major Depple
of Army Intelligence.
He'll take over Operation Strix.
This man is incompetent.
And Desmond is very cautious.
Depple lacks the experience
and skill to fulfill the mission.
The risk is too big.
I agree. But the decision
comes from headquarters.
Depple is backed by
a prominent committee member.
To get more budget,
the guys upstairs couldn't say no.
If there were some progress on our side,
we could've protested but...
They know nothing about the situation.
HQ is unaware of the delicate
balance between East and West.
Please.
Thank you.
He thinks he can get away with cheating.
Get real.
Here you go.
You're so kind. How can I thank you Twilight,
why are you here? Is Strix going okay?
No worries. What a nice hat. Agents
shouldn't snoop on each other, Nightfall.
Manipulating their mouths and pronunciation,
spies have coded conversations.
W's hard 10 come by, but a friend gave Wt 10 me as a gift.
It's no good using amateurs as family members on missions.
It's imported,
made of top quality material.
Its no good using amateurs
as family members on missions.
It's hard to come by,
but a friend gave it to me as a gift.
Loid...
Did he kiss that woman?
Yor, are you listening?
Oh? What is it?
What were we talking about?
Ah, about cheating men.
Cheating?
There are three signs.
Number one, more business trips.
Overnight stays are suspect.
Number two, a change in attire.
He wants to match his new woman.
Number three, an unexpected gift.
To make up for guilty feelings.
Simpletons.
Are men really like that?
Without a doubt.
All my divorced friends attest to it.
I'm dismissed from Operation Strix.
That means I'll have to move out.
Who was that woman?
Is she Loid's lover?
But if she is,
why ask me to pretend to be his wife?
Could he be looking for
a new mother for Miss Anya?
Was I not good enough
to be a wife and mother?
Anya is back home!
It's a special, school mission.
Cooking class...
We'll make sweets for a first prize.
My, such an interesting class.
If Anya wins a Stella Star, it'll show
Operation Strix IS making progress.
Handler can use this against HQ's order.
Becky's making whatchamacallit cake.
Second Son's making a thingamajig.
This year's judge is the principal.
I saw data of his culinary
preferences somewhere.
How about making meremere?
meremere?
The principal's favorite dessert.
How do you know?
I came across it in a school newsletter.
In particular, the meremere
from his hometown of Frigis.
Anya wants to eat that!
It's an old dessert,
difficult to find around here.
Data says the restaurant
he ate at served it with a twist.
Let's go to Frigis for some.
If we're aiming to win,
we should try it.
It's a bit far so let's
make it an overnight trip.
Let's go!
Overnight...
Number one, more business trips.
Does this count as a business trip?
A sign of cheating? Burt ..
We're going on an ooting!
It's not for fun and games, okay?
Aye, sir. Rest assured, the fabled
meremere will be mine. Glint.
It's not fabled.
It's in ordinary restaurants.
Yor, are you free this weekend?
You're asking me too?
Apparently, the restaurant I want
to visit only allows families.
If he's asking me, does it mean
this isn't a sign of cheating?
Have you other plans?
Oh no, I'm good to go!
Great.
Well, shall we all go to Frigis?
- Okay.
- Yay!
Anya doesn't like study.
We just went over this.
Basic academic ability is
a must to acquire Stellas.
Papa, pee-pee.
Can you go alone?
Can do!
Kids...
What's this?
The treasure everyone
in the Republic wants.
If we can get it ..
Treasure?
A key to a treasure?
So exciting!
I can't decipher her handwriting.
I helped her with it the other day.
She's trying hard.
She's not back yet.
I hope she's not lost.
The mother role begins to suit you.
Y...you think so?
I thought Loid was
displeased with my mother act
It must be my wife role
he's unhappy with!
Yor?
It's true, I'm hardly a perfect wife.
Is your mouth alright?
My new lipstick's giving
me an allergic reaction.
Anyway, where is Miss Anya?
I'd better look for her.
Our marriage Is a masquerade.
Loid is only playing his part.
It was number 8 we saw.
Here! This is it.
Treasure!
No, Anya. Don't touch
what doesn't belong to you.
The treasure everyone
in the Republic wants.
Wait a sec. World peace
IS in danger inside here.
We're the World Peace Patrol!
Chocolate?
Can't be the secret item.
You fool!
Yum yum.
You're dead if the Colonel hears
you lost the key, Luca.
See, the horoscope says
be careful of losing stuff.
I know it's a trunk
covered with ship stickers.
We'll pry it open.
They mean this?
6... 7... 8...
Should be around here.
Do you know how hard it was
for our agent to steal it?
Three years to infiltrate
the West's research lab?
Yeah, serious business.
The treasure everyone
in the Republic wants.
With it, the equilibrium between
East and West will shift.
We've created the number one
chocolate in Westalis!
I, the Earl's spy,
take matters into my own hand!
The best chocolate is mine!
We'll reign as the world's
top chocolate maker!
No! The chocolate industry
of the West is doomed...
Chocolate robbers? Are they bad guys?
Here it is. The trunk with stickers.
It's been opened...
There's nothing inside!
Here's the key I dropped.
Someone must have
opened it and taken it.
Who could it be?
Who knows?
What'll we do?
Must find them and get it back.
To maintain secrecy, we'll have
to Kill.
Kill?!
Who's there?
My flower fortune reading
indicates you're close by.
Over there!
A kid?
Did the brat eat it?
To be on the safe side,
I locked the door.
Papa! Mama!
No use. The door is shut tight.
Mama!
Miss Anya!
Miss Anya, who are these gentlemen?
Huh? Um...
Her mother?
Your daughter's taken our choco...
Chocolate thieves! They're bad guys!
They wanna hurt me!
What a drag.
Might as well capture them both.
Now now, Mom...
Miss Anya, shut your eyes.
Miss Anya, you can open them.
Well... They seem to have
toppled over.
Did Anya crush the bad guy's plan?
Whoa!
Wow!
Hey, let's go. We've work to do.
Right. Miss Anya, Bond,
shall we move along?
What is this?
Must report.
To the Colonel.
Restaurant Rubble & Bonds
Here you are.
Yum!
Wipe your mouth.
Is this the restaurant?
Their policy is to only serve families.
So exciting!
Sorry Bond. Pets are not allowed.
Ready to order?
In addition to the lunch set,
we'll have beef pie and smoked salmon.
Anya, the chicken sautee?
Yeah, that one!
And we'll have meremere for dessert.
You're in luck.
We've only one more piece.
Really? How fortunate.
- Let's eat.
- Yes, let's!
Our specialty for you.
Chicken saute with peanut sauce.
Looks yummy!
Mind your manners. Use a knife and fork.
Yep.
It's unusual for Loid
to wear a turtleneck.
Number two, a change in attire.
What! Oh no!
Is that what it means?/
It's cold here but I dressed foo warmly.
Could it really be?
I should ask about
that woman directly.
If another has Loid's heart
what will become of me?
Is anything wrong?
No, nothing.
I'll ask when Miss Anya's not around.
Welcome to our restaurant,
Rubble & Bonds.
Are you enjoying your meal?
Very nice. Please call the chef.
I am the chef.
Rubble & Bonds is an unusual name.
Did you see the military
aircraft by the station?
Yes.
It was flown by the ace duo
Recky and Brandon during the war.
It was a fierce battle
in the skies of Frigis.
Frigis!
Did you just say Frigis?
Their air force base was there.
Details are sketchy,
but intelligence is working on it.
I, Yuri Briar, request
a leave of absence.
Hold on. What is it?
My sister is vacationing in Frigis.
She gets lost even in her home city.
If she stumbles into trouble...
The information is unconfirmed.
Then I'll look into it!
We are Security Service Officers.
Don't meddle in military affairs.
Sis!
The repeated air strikes
took everything from me.
My home, my family...
There was nothing to eat.
I slept without a roof over my head.
During that time, a child appeared.
He needed help digging food
from out of the rubble.
Like me, he was an orphan.
So such a hellish scene
never happens again,
I became a spy.
Today, I recreate the pleasant taste
of my mother's home cooking
for others to enjoy.
It's a self-indulgent way
to heal myself.
And here is your meremere.
Look at it!
This meremere does look rather unique.
Military intelligence's special
reconnaissance regiment.
Why are they here?
I smell something delicious.
This place looks popular.
I'm sorry but we only serve families.
Bring me the mutton pastry
and cod curry pilaf.
And meremere for dessert.
But, um...
I'm sorry, we're all out of meremere.
Eh?
Then, what is that?
It's the last piece.
It is still untouched.
Please, we must ask that military
personnel respect our rules.
In fortified zones, the military
is authorized with food control.
I can have this restaurant closed.
But...
Excuse me...
Good job, sirs.
My daughter wanted meremere.
Can you order another dish?
Tourists here to eat meremere?
Yes.
You travel to eat good food. That's nice.
Perhaps we can be friends.
With similar interests,
why not have a match?
If you win, I'll hand over
the meremere. Alright??
Identify the sugars
used in these sweets.
Write your answers here.
Be as detailed as you can.
If our answers are identical?
Then I'll give you the round.
Well, please begin.
This whiskey cake
is baked to perfection.
I give it 85 points.
He"s thinks I'm just a tourist.
But I've gone undercover as a fop chef.
This battle will be mine.
Reveal your answers.
From the left,
palm sugar, brown sugar,
white sugar.
C...correct.
Fantastic.
Papa is a sugar-meister.
That was passable.
Now, it's my turn.
The amount of grams!
How did I do?
You're correct.
My answers are more detailed.
Dang, Papa lost...
Oh dear.
I enjoyed myself.
The meremere was spectacular.
Thank you very much.
Papa...
It's okay. We'll have meremere tomorrow,
and be home by Monday for cooking class.
Well...
The ingredients won't be
delivered until Monday.
I see... Then may I have the recipe?
It is not written down.
Even if it were, I can't reveal it.
Stingy.
Hey.
Why not consider making
a different sweet?
Anya can't win in
a straightforward competition.
The only way to victory is
to serve the principal's favorite meremere.
Stella Star fading!
What if.. .we gather all
the ingredients, can you make it?
Sure, I can.
Yor...
It's too soon to give up.
These are the ingredients.
It's a pretty long list.
No problem at all.
This shop has dried cherries.
Well get lingonberry here.
That one has hazelnuts in the back row.
It's all set
I'll be right back.
Next up is orange syrup.
Young man. One for the wife?
A gentle, moisturizing lipstick
that contains Frigis honey.
"Wife"!
Then, we'll take one.
Loid, you don't have to...
Your last lipstick was trouble, no?
How's this color?
Well...um... Yes, it's a nice color.
Thank you.
It's yours.
D...does this mean...
Number three, an unexpected gift
You're giving me a present?
Well, yes.
She's seemed a bit downcast
Caring for your partner is crucial.
Signs of cheating...all three of them.
Yor?
I...
I'm going to the restroom.
Sure...
Exhaustion from travel?
I hope she's alright.
Papal!
What is that?
Sparkle, sparkle, glitter, glitter!
Isn't that the city market?
- So shiny!
- W...wait up!
Stay close or you'll get lost.
We'll return after the orange syrup.
Win sweets, dolls,
and local orange syrup!
Orange syrup!
For real?
It won't fall over.
Daddy, you suck.
Let me try again.
Hook me up, old man.
Go to hell, baby!
Curses, they sure move fast.
They're not moving.
Damn! But I hit it!
Ha, keep wasting your time.
Try all you like,
but all but the bottom row
have reinforced backs.
He's an evil gunsmith/!
I see. He's using a typical carny trick.
Let me try.
Going for the orange syrup, eh?
Try your best.
What are those?
An incredible shot!
Luck was with you, sir.
Superb, superb!
It wasn't luck.
Shall I do it again?
I think it's best to run
an honest business.
Y...you're right.
Bullseye! It's suddenly
easy to knock 'em down.
One ingredient left.
Anya, we're getting on the tram...
Papal!
Whee!
Kids...
Considering Loid's happiness,
would it be best if I leave?
We are a fake couple, after all.
Papa, round and round!
Yes, how nice.
Of what entertainment value
ls there going around in circles?
Children are a mystery.
The lipstick looks good on you.
Thank you.
Shall we drink something? Hot coffee?
I must know where I stand with Loid.
But ..
What will it be?
Coffee for me, and Yor?
Yor?
Alcohol will give me the courage to ask.
Wait, Yor...
Why...
Yor, are you alright?
There's someone else, isn't there?
Are you in love? Tell me already!
You've had too much!
Papa and Mama are flirting.
Loid, you gotta answer me.
Do you like me...
Are you okay?
Mama's a lush.
I'm so sorry. What have I done?
I've blown ft.
Loid must be fed up with me.
I won't be surprised if
he wants a divorce.
Divorce?
Divorce is when a bloodbath
between parents erupts,
causing the family to break up.
Bloodbath
and falling apart!
A flirting happy ride!
Take a ride on the Ferris wheel!
Flirting!
Papa, Mama!
I wanna ride that!
Next, please!
Aren't you getting in?
Papa and Mama, be flirting.
Flirting?
Bond, look after Miss Anya.
I thought she wanted to ride this.
What's she up to?
Did she notice my dark mood?
I shouldn't have let
Miss Anya worry about me.
Yor, are you okay?
I'm so sorry...
I've acted disgracefully.
Not that. You've been acting odd lately.
I saw you.
You and your lover.
Lover?
Yesterday. The lady with a large hat!
It's a misunderstanding.
She sought directions.
She's not my lover.
She was looking for a museum.
I don't even know her name.
Is that so...
I thought you wanted to divorce me.
Why would I?
I don't think I'm
meeting your expectations.
As a mother...
As your wife...
Didn't we make a promise, Yor?
I promised...
Even in sickness,
or in sadness...
No matter what hardships await us,
let us be there for one another.
I've no intention to break my promise.
Loid... Oh my...
Yor, am I unfit for you?
I..I..
Yor...
Loid!
Argh!
Papa and Mama! Bloodbath!
The Forgers are toast.
No, not at all. Let me explain.
Right. We weren't actually fighting.
Then rough flirting?
- No!
- Not at all!
It's five already.
It's my fault for getting
drunk and passing out.
Papa, I'm hungry.
Yor, please return to the hotel.
Huh?
I'll finish shopping and meet you there.
Anya will go too!
Join your mother.
McNally cherry liqueur is
a rare item and hard to find.
I may have to get it illegally.
It'll be easier without these two.
Miss Anya, let's wait at the hotel.
Got it.
Colonel Snidel has arrived!
Route pact with
Republic of Albo completed.
Type F adjusted.
Norida-class battle plane
Enormity ready for takeoff!
Flight plan submitted to HQ.
Good work, Operations Manager.
I award you a long leave.
He's been leaking our strategy to WISE.
Betrayal will be met with death.
Hurry. Let's leave
before he attracts flies.
Excuse me.
Sorry, Colonel.
Later.
Well, in fact... How shall I put it...?
Someone swallowed the microfilm.
What?!
Contact with our agent
in Frigis has ceased.
We suspect Snidel is up to something.
Has he received the microfilm?
That's a strong possibility.
If the Republic of Albo gets it,
it could mean war between East and West.
Fortunately, Twilight is
currently in Frigis.
Twilight...
You guys meet up with Twilight
and seize the microfilm.
I'll do it!
Not you.
I'll handle this without fail!
Hey, follow orders!
Mission with Twilight. ..
Mission with Twilight...
Liqueur... Ligueur...
Negative.
Negative!
Hotel!
Hotel TV!
Hotel toilet!
Hotel bed!
Anya too!
You've come prepared.
What's the flashlight for?
Detective game!
And this?
Bad guys! You'll never
get the spy secrets.
Bang!
Are you the boss?
Yes, I'm the boss!
Treasure? Secrets?
We desire their return!
Such a polite lady boss!
Get outside!
The pleasure is mine.
I've looked but the liqueur
is nowhere to be found.
What to do? Time is short.
Franky, you're such a kind man.
You're fun and easy to talk to.
Well...
Can I bring my friend next time?
I've something I'd like to ask.
Of course! What is it you'd...
...like to ask?
Your phone...
Ignore it.
But...
I got a bad feeling about this.
Damn!
Hello?
Its me.
I figured.
Can you get me McNally cherry liqueur?
Aren't you in Frigis?
Yes, but I can't locate any here.
I need it by the morning.
That's kinda sudden.
Can you get it?
I'll try but...
Thanks!
Hang on. Hey!
It takes half a day just to get there!
I did what I can. And now...
I've returned.
Welcome back.
Sorry, I must go out again.
Right now?
There's a liqueur shop in the next town.
It's a bit far but I borrowed
a car from the hotel.
Papa?
I woke you up.
Where are you going?
Still looking for ingredients.
Go back to sleep.
What is it?
Papa, you lied.
You said you'll be back soon.
Right, I'm sorry.
Anya must get a Stella Star or
Operation Strix will be in jeopardy.
And this pref end family
will be over foo.
Family. .. over?
Why?
Anyway, the liqueur...
Papal!
Anya's going too!
No. I'll be back by morning.
Go to bed, okay?
Anya's in the way...
Got it.
Sorry. Please look after Anya.
Um...
How many can ride in the car?
Five, but why?
Why don't we all go together?
Yor...
After all,
it is a family trip.
Is this what Papa wants?
I must tell Papa!
How did you know where it is?
Huh? You're a telepath?
Bond sees the future?
No, I can't tell.
My brother was still little...
Sis!
He was always so jovial on special days
like birth a days and family outings.
Look, Sis!
He seemed happy spending
the entire day with me.
Miss Anya's the same.
She's been elated throughout the trip.
I've had so much excitement
ever since I left the orphanage!
It's all thanks to you, Papa!
She was so looking forward to this trip.
She packed her bag full
of snacks and things for us.
Since I've often left
Yuri feeling lonely,
I understand Miss Anya's feelings.
Anya wants to have fun with you.
It's lonely being
apart from one's family.
Loid.
If you're going, let's all go.
We can allow Miss Anya
to stay up late this one night.
I guess you're right.
Room service.
Did we order something?
Nightfall!
I forgot I'd asked for
a larger sized bathrobe.
Why are you here?
Room service.
I'm on a mission.
Talk normally. It's just us two.
Just us two...
I'm on a mission too.
Just Twilight and me in such a place.
I love you!
Miss Anya?
And so, we're after
the stolen microfilm.
If the Republic of Albo gets it,
it may trigger war.
The special reconnaissance
regiment is after it.
Colonel Snidel is likely in charge.
That guy...
Loid! It's Miss Anya!
She went out the window.
What?
I found this.
Illegible...
There it is!
Anya!
- Miss Anya!
- Anya!
Answer us!
The girl has not been found yet.
That's right.
Squads 7 and 8 are
covering the main road.
We'll continue with the search.
Any luck?
No, but I found this.
Is it credible?
Thank you for shopping!
The Stella Star's mine and
the Forgers stay together.
Maybe not...
Nah.
The chocolate thieves!
Ow! Let go, you old mutt!
Step on it!
I'll take Route 2 East, okay?
Bad fortune in the West.
Whatever, just go!
We'll depart when we have the microfilm.
What about Type F?
Keep it on board.
At this point, war is imminent.
Miss Anya, answer if you hear us!
Miss Anya!
Where'd she run off to?
Bond, are you okay?
Why isn't Anya with you?
What. .. happened?
Bond, wait.
That's...?
Special reconnaissance regiment...
Has Anya
gotten in trouble with the military?
Sir, you dropped something.
The microfilm is top priority.
Please put Operation Strix on hold.
Hotel staffer...
Can you help me?
The guy who stole Anya's dessert!
Before that, you ate our chocolate.
Are you the top robber?
This is the Colonel!
Show more respect!
Have you gone since then?
I'm asking if you did number two.
Poo-poo?
How dare she eat the microfilm
hidden in the chocolate.
We'll kill her after she excretes it.
There was treasure in the chocolate?
Will Anya be killed if she poops?
Anya's so cute that
she's never ever pooped!
Sorry for lying.
Take her. Report to me
after it's come out.
Aye, sir!
Poop call?
N...no. I'm just a bit chilly.
Let's see if the radio still works.
Enormity to airbase.
Following operational orders...
The channel hasn't changed.
Secret mission to Republic of Albo is go.
Subsequent communications will use
GC channel, aviation code 0774.
This is...
GC 0714.
I'm cold.
That voice! Anya?
I'm gonna freeze to death...
Alright, come on!
It's your fault for
swallowing the microfilm.
Swallowing the microfilm?
How on Earth did that happen?
Looks like Anya's with the military.
I just heard on the radio
they've a little girl in custody.
Military? But how?
Please stand clear. it'll be back soon.
Were the men who attacked Miss Anya
from the military?
But if I tell Loid,
hell find out I beat them up.
Why don't we all go together?
It is a family trip.
Family must stick together.
We re counting on you, Twilight.
The fate of the world depends on
where the microfilm ends up.
Ready?
No, um...
Just a dance I do at school.
Got to keep moving or...
Its coming!
You're late.
It's long past your shift.
I'm sorry. I'll take it from here.
Who are you?
Twilight, can you hear me?
According to our sources,
the airship carrying
Colonel Snidel is approximately
3km north-northeast
Impressive report in so short a time.
I knew I could depend on you.
...depend on you...depend on you...
Twilight, if you wish,
I'm prepared to be your life-partner.
Twilight,
you should recast me as your wife
in Operation Strix.
Twilight?
The line is dead...
Yay, yay! Do the school dance!
Yay, yay...
At school, we do this...
Whoa, it's coming...
I can't hold it...
Behold, Poop God.
Poop God?
Anya, the brave warrior.
Fought well, you have.
Hardship endured, you've done your
best to preserve world peace.
But it's over. You can let go.
Relax your butthole
and rest, brave Anya.
Poop God!
Correct, my child.
Travel now, to the serene Garden of Loo.
Garden of Loo!
Poo!
What's Poop God?
Toilet time? Come on!
- No way!
- Hey!
Not yet?
We're sorry.
Then slash her gut.
You can do it.
But that's...
You'll do it.
Yes, sir!
Yellow three, yellow three...
What're you doing?
My coffee oracle says
yellow and three are lucky.
You're taking this too far.
What'd the Colonel say?
Really?!
It's your job.
No way. He ordered you. You do it!
It's too horrific to do.
Me too. I can't possibly
slash a child's gut
Rock, paper, scissors...
Yes!
Damn!
I'm gonna be killed!
I'll hold her.
I'll slash her.
Papa, Mama!
There it is.
This is Frigis 0988.
We've a fuel line system malfunction.
We're in danger and request
emergency landing on your ship.
An aircraft is requesting
permission to land.
Fire.
But...
I said fire.
Do you read?
Requesting landing permission.
What the...?!
Can't you down a pesky fly?
No warning shots.
Use guided anti-aircraft missiles.
But,
it's a secret weapon
not allowed during peacetime.
War is brewing. Use it.
A guided missile?
Loid,
you fly like a maniac.
I got her!
Papa! Mama!
Sorry, kid.
Noooooo!
I've no choice...
It's approaching!
Down it!
What the...?!
She's loose!
Hey, wait!
It's coming!
Better look for Anya first.
Huh? What happened? Loid?
Loid...
I must catch up with him.
But I can't get down from here.
In that case...
I'll get in from above!
Check for survivors.
A female is approaching.
A female?
She's running across the outer surface.
This is no time for jokes.
We must break the balance
between East and West.
Kill her.
She must have been on that fighter!
She's an enemy!
Crap, how about a taste of this?
My my.
A hand grenade exploded
in Deck 3A block.
Where's the female?
I've come for my husband and daughter.
Oh, you're unconscious.
The female has entered the ship!
Eliminate her.
The explosion has ignited
the fuel system!
It's spreading.
Extinguish it!
Now what?
The fire's reached the engine room.
Some of you go deal with the fire!
What about the female?
Deploy Type F.
But that's...
Obey me.
War has begun.
Wait!
I said wait!
Where is she?
This way!
No, over there!
Damn, where'd she go?
A toilet!
You sure she's alone?
Gotta find her!
What was that explosion?
The forced landing damaged their hull.
I'll take advantage of the chaos.
Get some men in the engine room.
I'll borrow his identity for a while.
Hurry!
Before it reaches the ammunition!
Excuse me, I've come for
my husband and daughter.
Look! It's the female.
How rude to fire like that.
Are these the ones who
attacked Miss Anya on the train?
If so...
That was close.
See. My toilet paper
fortune reading is spot on.
No way!
The child is ours.
Good. Bring her to me.
And you would be?
Kindly stand down.
Is that all you've got...
...intruder?
I guess I've no choice.
Ammo cooling system has stopped!
Where's the hostage?
Hostage?
Child, about five years old.
Warrant Officer Domitri took her
to the command center.
Command center...
So, you got it out?
Luckily, she used the ship's toilet
so it must be in the waste tank.
It could also still be inside her body.
Keep her in the room downstairs.
I'll finish her off
once this nonsense is over.
You will, Colonel?
To enjoy kebabs,
I just bought a deluxe-sized knife.
Still here? Go already.
Yes, sir!
Uh...to where?
Take a dip in the waste tank
and find the dung-drenched microfilm!
Or else,
I'll cut you both up like kebabs.
Y...yes, sir!
Crap, just our luck.
It's all that gluttonous brat's fault.
My arm still hurts where
that stupid mutt bit me.
Excuse me.
She's not here. But this
must be the command center.
What is it?
I'm here to report on
the status of the fire.
Later. I'm busy now.
They must have taken Anya here,
but where is she?
Papa! He came for me.
I said later.
Step back.
If I stay, hell be suspicious.
What to do?
Papa, Anya's here!
Papa...
He noticed.
Excuse me.
Wait, Captain.
When did you start smelling so cultured?
The tourist from Rubble & Bonds!
Damn, I was so close.
Never underestimate a gourmet's nose.
Secure all exits.
Don't let him get away!
He's alone. Surround and Kill him!
That's...!
A toy like that can't scratch me.
What shall I do?
Pretty good. However...
The poison grenade
is still being developed.
Might as well test it.
Poison gas?!
Papas in trouble.
Anya's...
Anya's gonna save them!
In place of meremere,
chow down on this!
Gas!
Papa!
What the...?!
Fools! Shoot the imposter!
I'm the real one! Hurry and shoot him!
Bastard!
You re the one with a good nose.
I just have to fool the others.
Cunning bastard,
I'll skin you alive and make
pork rinds out of you!
Skin me alive, huh?
My skin's thicker than anything
a swine like you can cut!
Who won?
Is he the real Colonel?
Do you think I'd lose
to an imposter?
No! Sorry, sir!
We must head to the
Republic of Albo immediately.
Abandon ship.
Abandon ship?
Are you serious?
Soldiers, do as ordered.
The ship won't last.
We'll leave and go by
land to carry out the order.
All hands abandon ship.
What about you, Colonel?
Just go!
Aye, sir!
Everyone abandon ship. Hurry!
Excuse me!
It's futile to wait for
my ammo 10 run out.
His body is
Stocked with bullets.
This is your final warning.
Please stand down quietly.
I'm only here
for my husband and daughter.
Cut your cackle.
You can all rot
along with the East and West.
Very well.
It's useless.
A knife can't defeat me.
Lipstick?
Apparently, half of this lipstick
is made from oil.
Papal!
Anya!
Are you alright?
Cherry liqueur?
How did you...?
It's what Papa was looking for!
Is this why you snuck out of the hotel?
Let's get out of here.
- Yor?!
- Mama!
Loid! Miss Anya!
Mama!
Are you both okay?
Yes, how about you?
And why are you here?
I jumped into your plane
on the spur of the moment.
Spur of the moment?
Like, you know,
we did agree to all go together.
So...
But to come all this way...
Well, in any case,
are the people on board
really with the military?
Um...they're...
C...chocolate robbers!
Anya ate their chocolate on the train
and they came after me!
So, that's why.
They hid the microfilm in chocolate.
I've heard of them!
The Chocolate Robbers!
Chocolate keeps the body warm.
Its theft is rampant in colder regions.
But stealing a military ship...
Oh my. The world is sure
full of horrific people.
Did you say you ate
the chocolate by mistake?
What's wrong with you?!
Thank goodness she's alright
That's right, Miss Anya.
Don't touch people's
things without permission!
I'm sorry...
We must leave. We're going to crash.
Papa! Mama!
We're headed for that city.
Papal!
Before we go, I'll crash
the ship outside the city.
Can you fly it?
When a student, I flew
as a part-time job.
That's Loid.
Huh? What's that?
It's coming closer.
Is it on fire?
What is it?
Damn, the propulsion system
and elevators are dead.
Papa, you can do it!
Don't worry, the rudder still works.
Let me help you.
Anya too.
Twilight...
Super Exciting Splash!
Why that's...
the microfilm.
Was it stuck between her teeth?
What is that?
It's our ticket home.
The military airship that
crashed in Lake Frigis
was on a training flight ..
Sis went to Frigis.
I hope she's alright.
Yuri, these documents too.
Why do we have to fix their mess?
If this is seen as a military misstep,
it'll stir public unrest.
WISE must have intervened in this case.
But no information is left
Only one guy could pull this off.
It is him again?... "Twilight"!
Well done, Twilight.
The State Security Service
put out the fire
but couldn't find
a trace of you guys.
Right.
The Forgers were simply enjoying
a normal family outing.
By the way, about Operation Strix...
I've an update on that.
It's decided that
you'll stay on the case.
Really? What about Depple?
He was caught cheating on his wife.
His politician father-in-law
disowned him.
Talk of his replacing you fizzled out.
That guy, you gotta feel sorry for him.
Such an idiot.
Sorry to be late.
How was your patient?
It wasn't serious.
Not an emergency after all.
Everything's fine.
That's good.
Papal!
No fishies.
That's cause it's a fountain.
Mama!
Although Operation Strix carries on,
I mustn't let my guard down.
We must focus on the Stella Stars.
The Forgers aren't ending?
Let's head home.
You're getting a meremere crash course.
Crash course, pant pant!
Mama!
Papa, my hand.
I'm making yum-yum sweets!
I'll help too.
Yor, you don't have to...
Anya can do it myself.
Yes, it's your cooking class, after all.
Anya's gonna do it and win!
All set.
I'm making orange-layered cake.
I practiced with our pastry chef.
What are you making?
meremere.
meremere?
What a barbaric dessert.
If it turns out yummy,
I want you to try it.
Plan B. The Friendship Scheme.
Anya, that means...
W...why would I eat crap you make?
Bastard!
Am I so awful?
You dum-dum!
I'd puke if I ate
anything you made, doofus!
Doofus!
He's a jerk.
Plan B. Failure.
Anya is back home!
She must have lost
Miss Anya, how did cooking class go?
A big boom.
"The kitchen malfunctioned and
COOKING class was postponed. ”
"The judge will be replaced
by the vice principal.”
No principal so no meremere.
Vice principal...
The school newsletter
reported his love of
berry pudding from the southern region.
Shall we go?
Let's!
Go!
This is the southern region.
It's warm there. We can travel light.
It's near the sea.
Sea! Splash! Soak soak!
We crashed into a lake,
not the sea, Miss Anya.
She can learn how to swim.
Let's bring playing cards too.
Let's play Old Man!
The game's called Old Maid.
Hey Loid!
I got you the McNally cherry liqueur!
Hey!